He broke the Holy King with one move
How is that possible?
Putting it there actually holds status
What was the origin of that statement?
Is it a land soldier?
Are you blind, soldier?
Hahaha, no wonder it's so arrogant.
It turned out to be from the ground soldiers
But unfortunately
This Snake King also has it.
The earth dragon clock is not good.
That is the right of the Beast King
Pig run
You can't use a single sword
Unload me to suppress your Savior
Today I will kill your new master again
Remember it all for me
In this world
You can only honor me
Li Yang, hurry up
Hahaha, I want to go. The Dragon King is here.
None of you are going anywhere
Did Li Yang see it?
This is the absolute strength gap
No amount of ants can shake a true dragon
I have seen a real dragon
But not you.
Except for this king, who is still the true dragon lord?
You?
Don't think you rely on a handful of soldiers and a group of small
You can compete with this king
That's a trump card
Let this king see what else he can do
Do you want to see
Sure, then I'll show you.